docs: Add fouc docs to getting started readme faq (#549) (#742)
patternfly/patternfly-elements: docs/content/getting-started/_index.md

The beauty of web components is that they have much of the styling built-into the tag itself. Start with the tags first.

```

> <body unresolved>

Reviewer: I would prefer that the body tag be removed from this example.  I don't think it adds anything, since the object of the example is pfe-cta.  Unless I'm missing something about why `<body>` is relevant in this example, I think this looks better:

```html
    <pfe-cta>
        <a href="#">Learn more</a>
    </pfe-cta>
```

Author: agreed; pushed in 05f2510de4c46a5587cf9f695481e22269f966da

### Container components (see also container notes below)

```

> <body unresolved>

Reviewer: I would prefer that the body tag be removed from this example.  I don't think it adds anything, since the object of the example is pfe-card.  Unless I'm missing something about why `<body>` is relevant in this example, I think this looks better:

```html
    <pfe-card pfe-color="darkest">
        <p>Hello world.</p>
    </pfe-card>
```

Author: also agreed; pushed in 05f2510de4c46a5587cf9f695481e22269f966da

* `--pfe-broadcasted--link-decoration--focus`

If you include the `pfe-base.css` stylesheet, it will include application of these broadcast variables to links; this is helpful because links are often nested inside of p tags in the content and thus inaccessible to the stylesheet of the web component.

### Avoiding FOUC (Flash of Unstyled Content) with the body unresolved attribute?

> PFElements provides a stylesheet that causes the body[unresolved] attribute to avoid FOUC (Flash of Unstyled Content).

Reviewer 2: Recommend spelling out `PatternFly Elements` for clarity

Author: thanks

> PFElements provides a stylesheet that causes the body[unresolved] attribute to avoid FOUC (Flash of Unstyled Content).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PatternFly Elements provides a stylesheet that causes the `body[unresolved]` attribute to avoid the Flash of Unstyled Content (FOUC).
```

> Add the unresolved attribute to the `body` tag will hide the whole page until all elements have upgraded, or 2 seconds have passed, whichever happens first. the noscript.css file will reveal the page immediately on pages without js. the reveal animation is configurable with `--pfe-reveal-delay` (how long to wait until revealing the page, default 2 seconds) and `--pfe-reveal-duration` (how long the reveal animation takes, default 0.1618 seconds).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adding the unresolved attribute to the `body` tag will hide the entire page until all elements have upgraded or 2 seconds have passed, whichever happens first.  By including the `pfelement--noscript.css` file (wrapped in a `noscript` tag), all content will be revealed immediately for pages without JavaScript turned on.  To customize the wait time, update the value of the `--pfe-reveal-delay` variable (default 2 second delay) and the `--pfe-reveal-duration` variable (how long the reveal animation takes, default 0.1618 seconds).
```
